UI Text - Support HTML injection (#1046)
FlowFuse/node-red-dashboard: docs/nodes/widgets/ui-text.md

<PropsTable/>

## Rendering HTML

> The `ui-text` widget supports the injection (via `msg.payload`) of static HTML content. This allows you to render formatted text, links, images, and more. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ui-text` widget supports HTML content (via `msg.payload`). This allows you to render formatted text, links, images, and more. 
```

injection has connotations - consider more friendly language?

### Static HTML

For example, injecting:

```html
<a href="https://flowfuse.com" target="_blank">FlowFuse</a>
```

as a `msg.payload` would render:

> ![HTML Injection in Text](/images/node-examples/ui-text-html-injection.png "HTML Injection in Text"){data-zoomable}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![HTML content in Text](/images/node-examples/ui-text-html-injection.png "HTML Injection in Text"){data-zoomable}
```

### Rendering `msg.` Content

If you want to render the content of a `msg.` and still wrap this with HTML, you can use Node-RED's standard `template` to define the HTML structure:

<FlowViewer :flow="examples['html-injection']" height="200px"/>

With the content of the `template` node set to:

> ![HTML Injection in Text](/images/node-examples/ui-text-html-example.png "HTML Injection in Text"){data-zoomable}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![HTML content in Text](/images/node-examples/ui-text-html-example.png "HTML Injection in Text"){data-zoomable}
```

> _Example of a "template" node to structure HTML injection into a Text Node_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Example of a "template" node to structure HTML content in a Text Node_
```
